Copyright Policy(Last Updated on 31 August, 2020)
italki respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same. Capitalized terms (including the term "italki") used but not defined in this Copyright Policy have the meanings ascribed to such terms in italki Terms of Service, which is available at https://www.italki.com/tos (the "italki Terms").

1. Notice of Copyright Infringement
italki has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement and for processing such claims in accordance with applicable law. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA"), a summary of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, italki will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the italki Platform if such claims are reported to italki’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report any alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the italki Platforms by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering the Notice to italki HK Limited.

Upon receipt of a DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement as described below, italki will take whatever action, in italki’s sole discretion, that italki deems appropriate, which may include the removal of, or disabling of access to, the challenged material from the italki Platform.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice")
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice, you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL or the link shown on the italki Platform or the exact location where such material may be found.
Provide your name, company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
"I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)."
"I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed."
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to italki’s Designated Copyright Agent:

Copyright Agent

Italki HK Limited

Email: copyrightdmca@italki.com (with the subject line "DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement")

In the event italki, after receiving a proper DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement, takes steps to remove or disable access to the challenged material, italki will take reasonable steps to promptly notify the party who originally posted such challenged material to the italki Platform that italki has removed or disabled access to such challenged material. Please note that pursuant to Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing, or that the material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake may be subject to liability. Please also be advised that italki enforces a policy of terminating the italki Accounts of, or banning, repeat infringers. A repeat infringer includes any user who has made two or more postings that italki has removed or disabled access to pursuant to notices of infringement under these DMCA notice and takedown procedures.

2. Italki Articles
In addition to Section 11 (Member Content) of the italki Terms, this Section 2 (italki Articles) applies to you, if you are a Member that posts, uploads, publishes or submits any articles (an "Article") to the italki Platform.

Any Articles constitute Member Content. Accordingly, you own the copyright to your Articles, and italki does not claim any ownership rights in any Articles. You acknowledge that plagiarism is theft of intellectual property. Plagiarism can constitute copyright infringement and you can be held accountable. If you make reference to any other works (books, news articles, publications, websites, etc.), you MUST give credit to the source. italki will review each of your Articles before they are published on the italki Platform. If italki discovers that your Article contains infringing materials, italki will reject such Article, and you will no longer be able to write Articles for the italki Platform.

In addition to the license you grant to italki to use, view, copy, modify, distribute, publish and otherwise exploit your Member Content (including your Articles) pursuant to Section 11 (Member Content) of the italki Terms, you hereby grant italki (i) the right to publish and republish your Articles and/or any content contained therein on the italki Platform, and to distribute your Articles and/or any content contained therein through email, downloadable file, and any other digital media; (ii) the right to archive the Article, to republish the Article and to make such Article available on the italki Platform perpetually; and (iii) the right to edit and adjust the format of any Article for the purpose of ensuring such Article is suitable for display on the italki Platform.

italki will give credit to you as the author of any Article you submitted, and will provide a link to the profile page of your italki Account.